the Central Park food isn't it cool
Oh
let's go inside
I'll look at the map where do you want
to go first on it
I want to go to see the sea lines okay
let's go
look at that there's one and coming
another one more well this is the
perfect spot to see it on Oh the common
I love this is an awesome I really like
the sea lions they're really cool the
swimming so far oh they're really really
fast they're faster than us walking the
sole of feeding time is about to start
let's water little people are walking in
there but eating too slow you've been
doing - that's cool
you doing I worked one is leaving and
then jumping I really like to watch me
let's go see what else we could find
now let's go how they swim I really like
now let's see you can see the Snow
Leopard
oh yes sign some information okay now
let's spot it its environment - very
hard to spot
oh my see this is white and sleeping
well that was cool I really liked it oh
look the snow upper kingdom from here to
all the way let's see the red pandas
going on the tree
cute now let's see these birds
oh it's flapping its wings that's cool
look at this swans
they're hogging the monkeys some
information look at it it's a person
well monkey in this case hey now let's
go back to the map and see the ocean
let's go to the tropical bird
Hotels the moon
even yeah it is
- awesome
birds and asleep oh it's so good
they weren't really fast
so much fun feel like our video don't
forget to like and subscribe our Channel